Shawn Phalen: Hey,
Galaxy S7: Are you good how are you
Shawn Phalen: I'm good.
Shawn Phalen: What's been going on since we last spoke
Galaxy S7: Um,
Galaxy S7: Nothing's really changed. Like I said, I'm not. I don't really do a whole lot I'm
Galaxy S7: Just
Galaxy S7: Still doing work, um, I, you know, get to see my, my kid like every weekend, like I've been saying for the most part.
Galaxy S7: I think, well, I think, between the last time we spoke
Galaxy S7: my ex's grandma passed away in the hospital. And I think this was a lot between the last time we talked, but, uh,
Galaxy S7: I got to see my kid for, like, it was like three and a half, almost four days. And it just kind of was a bummer that it had to boil down to something so significant.
Galaxy S7: That that's what allowed me to see him for so long, you know, normally it's like
Galaxy S7: You know I get them on a Saturday afternoon till like
Galaxy S7: Majority of the time it's like Sunday afternoon Sunday evening, you know, so
Galaxy S7: But you know I'm
Galaxy S7: I'm happy with it for now. It's fine. I'm not gonna, you know, do a huge thing about it just for the fact of I'm just trying to be civil with the situation and work through it and see where things can go since
Galaxy S7: There hasn't been any issues with the
Galaxy S7: With my ex or I so we've, you know, I mean, we don't talk. Besides, if it comes down to our kid, you know, and when
Galaxy S7: I get to see him and stuff like that. But, uh, so I guess it's been working out fine in that aspect.
Galaxy S7: And then
Galaxy S7: Workspace been going good. Don't have any complaints there and
Galaxy S7: Just been kind of hanging out with the you know the couple of friends that I do have every now and again and just kind of relaxing at home and
Galaxy S7: Just, just keep pushing forward. That's about it.
Shawn Phalen: I used to work in part time
Galaxy S7: No, I'm doing a full time work at the moment. Yeah. Okay. Is that helping like kind of keep your mind off things. And yeah, I guess so, yeah. I mean, cuz there's
Galaxy S7: Yeah, there's, it's like there's less time to just kind of sit and dwell about things. But, uh, yeah, I just, you know, there's been a span of time. Now, since you know my divorce and you know the whole separation and everything. So it's kind of made things easier.
Galaxy S7: And
Galaxy S7: I just feel like if we can just get along and make it work for our kids, then I'm fine with that, you know,
Galaxy S7: Because I don't want to take him from her, and I hope she doesn't want to take him for me, which
Galaxy S7: In some senses. It seems like she does, but in others. It doesn't because she does. Let me see him so
Galaxy S7: I just wish that at some point in time, it could be a little more than others. And, you know, maybe a little more time we'll, we'll see what happens. Right.
Shawn Phalen: You know, really good attitude because, you know, at this stage, the goal is to be able to co parent
Right.
Galaxy S7: Right, and to do what's right for your son. So he is not caught in the middle of two parents that don't like each other work it along or can't make the right decisions for him.
Shawn Phalen: So I kind of feel like if you can stay on this path and be really
Shawn Phalen: Cool with how it is, and the time that you're getting and have, um, have faith that over time you'll most likely get more time with him.
Galaxy S7: Yeah, it's just because of his age, and I get that. But, you know, these are the most important you know years. Yeah. And I don't want to miss out on a little things.
Galaxy S7: You know, that's where I don't feel like things are fair because I want to, I want to be there for those little moments and things like that so
Galaxy S7: You know, that's why I say I am for the most part, happy with the time I get I just wish that times, it could be a little more, you know, but I'm not gonna stir the pot and make it a huge ordeal because, you know, I do want to be a good co parent, you know, for the situation and
Galaxy S7: And you know, I do think of his best interest. So
Galaxy S7: That's why I say, you know, time will tell. And, and I'll go from there. You know, I do.
Galaxy S7: I do want to do, you know, like I was saying last time.
Do a lawyer.
Shawn Phalen: Your lawyer.
Galaxy S7: Step into that situation so
Galaxy S7: I don't know when I'll do that.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Yeah, cuz it was a financial thing to
Galaxy S7: Yeah, there's. Yeah. It takes money to get a lawyer. So, you know, it just
Galaxy S7: Takes time to you know get that figured out for financials and then it takes time to find the right person that I want to handle my case. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, good mean you stay as positive as you can.
Galaxy S7: I try to always put the shoe on the other foot sort of speak and
Galaxy S7: Try to keep an open mind is all situations and the look at pros and cons. I don't know. I've, I've been like that for a huge part of my life. So I feel like in those senses. I have a good outlook on things. Yeah, definitely. You know, I didn't have the right choices of
Galaxy S7: turning toward drugs when I did, but it was just kind of
Galaxy S7: You know it started one thing and it led to another and then you know the death of my grandparents and other situations and then just too much partying left it you know turned into a drug addiction. Right. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: But you know you're moving forward from that you moving past that and, you know, that certainly doesn't define you as a person, you know, as you know,
Galaxy S7: Yeah, so you know this.
Time is about creating
Galaxy S7: The life that you want. Right, exactly right. Yeah.
Galaxy S7: And when you do that opportunities. Just kind of fall in your lap. Yeah, it's amazing. You know what can happen as long as you're staying sober clean up. Exactly. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So, you know, keep keep doing what you're doing or that parent groups going for you.
Galaxy S7: Good.
Galaxy S7: You know, I miss one every once in a while because of work but you know i've you know I discussed this with Ivana
Galaxy S7: And then when Dr ettalhi was my doctor first I discussed it with him and they were all fine with it. And then when we had to switch over to the new doctor, Dr. Steve.
Galaxy S7: I discussed a little bit with him and then Levada did more discussing I guess on their own time. I guess she wrote him a message because I gave
Galaxy S7: A tail, how it was bombed. Firstly, and
Galaxy S7: Say, all
Can you hear me.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, sorry. You broke up.
Galaxy S7: I'm sorry, I don't know what this isn't the first time I phones done this with zoom. Now I don't know if it's my phone or what so hopefully it doesn't do it again. Okay. I apologize. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So,
Galaxy S7: I'm sorry, what were you saying, cuz
Galaxy S7: I was talking about how you were asking me about like how the groups.
Galaxy S7: And meetings were going and I said that
Galaxy S7: That they've been going good. I've only missed. You know, one here, one there sort of a thing.
Galaxy S7: I you know I explained Ivana and Dr Italia before he left what the issues would be, and they said it'd be totally fine. I've done makeup groups and I've jumped in during the week when it wasn't my initial
Galaxy S7: Group, just because on that day I would have been working and I wouldn't be able to make it so I just got in. When I could, and they've been totally reasonable with it worked with me.
Galaxy S7: Said, that's fine, we're just glad you're coming to groups. And I said, thank you for working around my schedule. Okay, perfect. Okay, great. Sounds good.
Shawn Phalen: Um,
Shawn Phalen: Okay. Anything else that you feel like you want to talk about anything pressing
Um,
Galaxy S7: No, not really.
Galaxy S7: I mean everything's been kind of just real kosher and good. And I mean, yeah, nothing's moving too fast, but, um, you know, that's to be expected. At times you
Galaxy S7: Can't ask for everything to happen at once. So, uh, but I think I'm okay with where I stand. You know, you know, I'll have like, you know, I have my kid.
Galaxy S7: Last Saturday for overnight until Sunday, and then I get them again this weekend and I usually get them.
Galaxy S7: You know, almost every weekend. There's a few every once in a while. My ex, they go and do something or whatever. And he goes with them or, you know, something like that. So, uh,
Galaxy S7: You know, and that's understandable. You know, I can't get them every weekend and I get that, you know, so they got to have their own family time or whatever they're doing and so
Galaxy S7: Yeah, everything's been going really good. I really have no complaints i'm i'm happy where I stand. I mean, things can be a little different, you know, I'm still living at mom's house.
Galaxy S7: You know, I feel like I got like another several months here probably and then I'll be able to get back on my feet, not on my own again.
Galaxy S7: Good and then
Galaxy S7: You know, I've given myself somewhat of a timeline, not a deadline, but a timeline that timeframe to, you know, do certain things. And, you know, save money and you know be accomplished at some point. So,
Galaxy S7: I think it seems to be going smooth so far.
Galaxy S7: You know, no telling the future, but I hope there's no hiccups. And yeah, I just, I really have no complaints. Okay, good.
Galaxy S7: That's great. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: So why don't we set another appointment. Like, I think, are we doing like once a month.
Galaxy S7: Yeah, you've been doing well once a month. There's been like one time, or maybe twice now that was like a little closer to three weeks or just a tad over three weeks. But yeah, it's been like once a month.
Shawn Phalen: Anyway, sorry again.
Galaxy S7: Tomorrow there on Thursday at
Galaxy S7: 430 okay
Shawn Phalen: What about doing march 25 at six o'clock.
Galaxy S7: 25th six o'clock. Okay, and what day is that it's a Wednesday. Wednesday. Okay. Yeah, that seems. Yeah, it seems to work. I've made all of our meetings so far. So I'm sure it'll work.
Galaxy S7: Okay, perfect. All right. Keep up the good work. I really appreciate it. Yeah, I'm I try, you know, just one foot in front of the other. That's all you can do. Exactly. So keep doing it. Yeah.
Galaxy S7: Well, I appreciate talking to you. Thank you very much. Okay.
Galaxy S7: Take care. Have a good evening.